favorite dessert chocolate fondant right
eggs and sugar
yep whisked up that's nice and firm it
gives a really nice texture the fondant
chocolate this is the best quality
chocolate okay
the better the chocolate are getting the
better the fondant now from there my
cages make sure all melts down nicely
yes in to the eggs yeah
now what's that's in we start whisking
all the chocolates evenly distributed
across flour be sift yeah now you don't
throw all in there one third one third
and one third okay what happens now it
starts to thicken up okay but you don't
knock all the air out of you just fold
it in yeah the important part is keep it
really nice and liquid in the center
okay now they come out undercooked bill
claps if they can overcook they'll be
dry so keep them nice and wet molds that
be buttered yes yes yeah they've been
buttered and dusted in cocoa powder
that's right yeah okay so you call this
foot all the way up big partition that's
right cuz it rises off and in trying to
get that in one okay boy let's go ladies
yeah let's go
chuckle on the milk quickly let's go
molds already done yeah now make sure
you got no water in there okay yeah yeah
but water into chocolate yeah makes it
get all grainy it's not seizes up yeah
yes yeah okay
so work it okay you got big biceps work
it ladies
make sure you're always fun extra one in
there we don't want the customers to
find out that they're overcooked that's
your job yes yes yeah so that's why we
put X 1 in there okay so when they come
out you can taste them and if it's
perfect that we're talking about it for
years yes